PlatformX

PlatformX is a suite of components providing solutions for common and recurring aspects of API management
and integration patterns which contains following components:

1. GatewayA
2. IdentityB
3. ControlC
4. MessagingD
5. PermissionE
6. LegacyF

GatewayA
GatewayA is a standard managed API gateway.
GatewayA provides gateway mesh functionality to offer seamless exposure and consumption of APIs even across
private and public cloud environments as well as on-premise data centers
All traffic is routed through GatewayA, which provides a single point of entry for all requests and responses.

IdentityB
IdentityB is the Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Identity Provider of PlatformX
The identity provider enables the authentication and authorization of consumers to access a subscribed service.
In order to call GatewayA, the consumer must be authenticated by IdentityB.
This is done via OAuth2.0 (RFC6749) and the Client Credentials Flow (Section 4.4 of RFC6749).

ControlC
ControlC is the PlatformX configuration management or Control Plane
ControlC enables the declarative configuration of the PlatformX components for an application.
It provides a single, declarative, Kubernetes-resource-style interface to manage the configuration of all
PlatformX components.
ControlC is by design a Kubernetes-native application, which means it is designed to run on Kubernetes.

In order to create, update, or delete a configuration item, the controlC-CLI tool is used to apply or delete the
corresponding YAML file.
The controlC-CLI tool is available as a Docker image, which is intended to be used as a pipeline
step within a CI/CD pipeline.

MessagingD
Publish/Subscribe integration pattern exposed via REST APIs
MessagingD is a component that provides easily consumable REST APIs for the Publish/Subscribe integration pattern.
It enables the decoupling of applications by providing asynchronous messaging capabilities.
MessagingD includes a rich feature set consisting of—amongst others—conditional, push- and pull-based delivery,
and content filtering.

PermissionE
Component of PlatformX to enable consistent identity and permission management for APIs
Permission service that resolves user roles into fine-grained RBAC permissions.
It enables consistent role-to-permission mapping for applications connected to PlatformX,
as one user role might be translated into a different set of permissions for different applications.

LegacyF
LegacyF is a temporary replacement for WFAM-system, only for those systems that cannot migrate away from WFAM-system to
PlatformX in time or budget.
